hey guys it's a me AKA Rufio and today
i'm going to be giving you a guide on
how to get two of the achievements for
the new mob of the dead which is the new
zombies map in case you've been under a
rock for the past day so anyway and yeah
they're not particularly that hard so I
thought I'd combine them into one video
and yeah so anyway let's get on with it
so the first one is to open the door
without spending any points this is
quite useful even if you don't really
care about achievement points like
myself but you know if you want to save
points when you're trying to get the
high rounds just going to help you get
your points on earlier so anyway I
actually didn't find this is one of my
mates bikini briefs figure out the do it
so you want to go to the area just below
the roof there's also the area we're
going to do the other achievement and
you want to go up to the shock thing
which send you into the afterlife then
you'll see this area highlight it up
just sort of jump through it and then
look at me sort of look like an uber on
because I don't know where it is and
then nope that's not it okay here we go
nope nope they were out and then you
shocked that and then everyone can get
in and you save yourself a thousand
points however much it is and then
obviously go back to yourself and revive
yourself so the other achievement when
we go through is to obtain hell's
retriever which is a tomahawk which is
covered in lava and it's pretty useful
to be honest it's more like a sort of
boomerang as it tends to sort of bounced
around and this I think it's a one hit
kill up until around round 14 I think
could be 30 i'm not sure but you can
throw one like every about five seconds
or something and it doesn't cost you any
points so Miss i'll pick it up
so you have to excuse me because this is
recording theatre so a lot of the
effects are going to look quite weird so
daunting to run the map there's these
sort of wolf sort of it looks a bit like
a sticker and basically what you want to
do is get a zombie to go in front of it
and kill it and first of all a zombie
will come as zombie sorry a dog will
come out at the wall and I'll basically
just start eating the zombies and once
it's fed a certain amount it'll
disappear back on the wall and my
sticker will now sort of glow red you've
got to feed the dog in all three
locations you probably would have seen
them by now anyway if you play it for a
bit because it isn't already hard to
kill a zombie in front of them the three
locations are once it's just sort of
near the ski lift whatever you want to
call it in the soybean sort of prison
area the other ones just below the roof
where you got to build the plane and the
last one is in the dock but if you just
watch the video is going to show you a
if you just follow the directions just
going to show you exactly we need to go
even if you're not familiar just follow
them just follow where I'm going and
should all make sense to the area were
you go to retrieve hell's retriever is
actually the actually lights up as you
kill each one so you'll see one
headlight up to head light up three head
light up and then once you've done all
three you go there to actually pick it
up I don't actually know anything about
the Easter egg but guarantee there's
going to be any strike in this game and
i'm pretty sure both of these might have
something to do with it will be
surprised if it's something like a snake
involved because in case you're
wondering this is probably based on
Cerberus of Cerebus not sorry browser
which is Greek mythology which is about
the three-headed dog that guards the
gates of hell so we'll be surprised if
is like a snake tail involved because
that's what I had but we don't know man
we'll find out soon Sonia back to the
achievement to feed the dog you got to
give them about like I think it's five
zombies it might be a little bit more or
less probably more but you just got to
kill the zombie right in front of it try
and kill them one at a time and then the
dog will just suck it up
and eat it and then when inside this
fish it will bugger off and you go over
to the next one so you'll see I get lost
a couple of times i apologize i should
have checked over really before so I
knew the pathway it better but soon as
you I'm just terrible with directions
anyway and it is a brand new map out
today but so far I do like the map it
seems pretty fun I wasn't too impressed
by the old maps we got with the game in
the new town one I did used to love
zombies back in black ops like I think
probably launch was it called münchner
was called I know the one that like the
ones we had a rocket taking off on it
anyway that was probably my favorite if
not a darice but I'm glad to see there's
no ridiculous amounts of fire and little
stupid gremlins and no George Romero
falling around although that big hulking
thing that chases you at least you can
kill it so it seems like I've done a
good job and I've had to go mainly be
playing multiplayer and the map seemed
pretty fun it's good to play firing
range again there's a couple of things
which have changing it which I might
actually make a video on can't think of
it just like some of the old spots that
worked in firing range didn't actually
work on this and one by B flag is one
that sticks out in particular but I want
to get a bit more used to the maps
before I comment on the middle sony
we're coming up to where we actually
retrieve the hell's retriever and you
see what it looks like does look pretty
epic and yeah so hopefully that's be
useful you guys and I speech you
whenever I speak to you but oh yeah and
thanks to default Reese helped me out
and Alberto so being an asshat and not
helping at all and a sweet you later by
banner but bad